ashen_set,Ashen Hunter Set
bl_church_set,Black Church Set
bone_ash_set,Bone Ash Set
cainhurst_set,Cainhurst Set
ch_hunter_set,Charred Hunter Set
choir_set,Choir Set
crowfeather_set,Crowfeather Set
doll_set,Doll Set
exec_set,Executioner Set
foreign_set,Foreign Set
gascoigne_set,Gascoigne Set
gehrman_set,Gehrman Set
graveguard_set,Graveguard Set
henryk_set,Henryk Set
hunter_set,Hunter Set (A)
hunter_set_b,Hunter Set (B)
knight_set,Knight Set
madman_set,Madman Set
shabby_set,Shabby Set
student_set_s,Student Set (short)
student_set_l,Student Set (long)
tombprosp_set,Tomb Prospector Set
wh_church_set,White Church Set
yh_hunter_set,Yharnam Hunter Set
yahargul_set,Yahar'gul Set
